Add guidance for using Setup and Context auxiliary info parameters. (#231)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke: draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke.md

# API Considerations {#api-considerations}

> ## Auxiliary Application Information

Reviewer: Don't leave the lead-in empty.

This section documents considerations for interfaces to implementations of HPKE.  This includes recommendations that improve interoperability when HPKE is used in applications.

Reviewer 2: In the text, “auxiliary _authenticated_ information” is used twice. We could use that in the title, too.

Author: 👍 done

HPKE has two places at which applications can specify auxiliary authenticated information:
(1) during context construction via the Setup `info` parameter, and (2) during Context

> operations, i.e., with the `aad` parameter for `Open()` and `Seal()`, and the `info` parameter

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
operations, i.e., with the `aad` parameter for `Open()` and `Seal()`, and the `exporter_context` parameter
```

for `Export()`. Application information applicable to multiple operations on a single Context
should use the Setup `info` parameter. This avoids redundantly processing this information for

> each Context operation. In contrast, application information that varies on a per-message basis

Reviewer 3: In addition to redundancy, domain separation is a bit clearer. In ECH, we only include "tls ech" in the `info` parameter. `aad` is a plain ClientHelloOuterAAD. If another protocol decided to put the label in the other fields, injectivity is a little trickier.

Author: Yeah, I don't really have a better way to say "domain separation via the key schedule" is preferred without just making this text less clear.

should be specified via the Context APIs (`Seal()`, `Open()`, or `Export()`).

Applications that only use the single-shot APIs described in {{single-shot-apis}} should use the
Setup `info` parameter for specifying auxiliary authenticated information. Implementations which

> only expose single-shot APIs should not allow applications to use both Setup and Context auxiliary

Reviewer 4: I would refer to these as `info` and `aad` rather than Setup and Context.  Or "Setup `info`" and "Context `aad`".

Author: Done.
